1. Multiple assignee to a specific task task
2. 2 step approval process 
3. Notes for individual assignment (reminder)
4. Self task assigned and approval glitch in manager 
5. Once project completed dont let it show make an option of project completed
6. Subproject in projects 6 as Subproject in 1 project , like 6 reels is a 6 Subproject 
7. Details in project task 
8. Content calendar download link (mentioned on date about reel1 post1) , ) Glitch in calendar , if post or any ideation done on 7 July it will also show in aurgust also 2) Attendence m break not added and total hours not showing also logs must only shown to admin or as role assigned not to others 3) In attendence in log name is also not showing of check-in and out 4) Date issue while updating and project or task 5) Scheduling meeting or important note to assign a person 6) Task and project assign approval 7) In Attendance if entry not done mark absent 8) need leads description option where info about lead like location working or research can be written before calling 9) also as per letter head , quotation and invoice must be made 10) need a proposal section such that , it generate automatically on given info , a proper detail proposal for client after it complete asking questions . 11) notify employee about the task are assigned or approved 12) the lead must store more than 50 limit 13) i need a content calender sharing link such that client can see there schedule posting contents and ideation where they can suggest us directly for the change 14) must be smooth and properly working need a database efficiently working all wired connection and no errors . 15) i want  a card of task and project to be showing there deadline or starttime assigned n all. also i need a monthly report which will generate based on employe work done , one click monthly report download for evcery employ so we can understand what and who is lagging , refine every bit of my querry so ai take less tokens to solve all , some are already solved some remains